# MS-G3D improved Imputation and Action Recognition of Incomplete Human Skeletons Based on Graph Convolutional Neural Network
**Author:** Jakarin Chonchumrus      **Supervisor:** Prof. Wen-Nung Lie

## Abstract
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Development of AI technology in surveillance in the era of aging society from the learning development process, analyzing action recognition with images, saving costs, reducing risks, and reducing losses as well. This research was developed to increase the accuracy of human gesture recognition detection analysis in real-world conditions with limited physical vision. Introducing the creation of action recognition in the MS-G3D model in combination with the View Adaptation (VA) and RICH feature to increase recognition accuracy, a network of well-trained Teacher from the NTU RGB+D 60 datasets training transfer knowledge to the student network, to improve the accuracy of action recognition in the face of incomplete skeletal sequences. The skeleton repair network (SRN) developed is used to supplement and repair skeletons based on a graphical neural network (GCN), which can predict/reinforce the missing joint points of obscured three-dimensional skeletons and the coordinates of possible joints. Multi-head Self Attention (MSA) is also used to increase data integrity to compare results. The new model (VA+RICH_EF+MS-G3D) can offer an accuracy of 85.92 percent for action recognition, and it is evident that studying and introducing new models can be further analyzed for the recognition of action recognition and understanding the trend of developing more effective modern models in the future.

## Acknowledgements
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Indicate that the work is financially and technically supported by the College of Engineering, National Chung Cheng University, Taiwan, Republic of China.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I would like to express my deepest and sincere gratitude to my advisor, Professor Dr. Wen-Nung Lie for his kindness in providing an opportunity to be his project supervisee and also appreciated for his valuable supervision, suggestions, encouragement, supporting, guidance and criticism throughout the period of my internship, Mr. Lin You Yang, Dr. Lee Aing and everyone from Lab 520/525 for your priceless advice and support that encouraged me during my internship. I also thank professor Dr. Wen-Nung Lie, my faculty of engineering – KMITL for opportunities and financial supported, professors in the department and Assoc. Prof. Dr. Kietikul Jearanaitanakij for giving me an opportunity to do internship at National Chung Cheng University.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Finally, I would like to express my sincere gratitude and appreciation to my dear parents and senior relatives who gave me a chance to internship oversea training and have strongly supported me.
